hi I'm Harrison Hoffman and I'm
live team at Microsoft today I'm here to
show you how you can video chat with
your friends on Windows Live Messenger
using Kinect for Xbox so let's see how
that looks so right now we're looking at
the main video Kinect screen on the Xbox
as you can see here on the right you
have a little video preview of yourself
so you can see what you look like on
camera on the left here we have your
most recently contacted people so these
are probably the people that you want to
chat with the most so right now I want
to start a video chat with my messenger
friend Jordan so I'm just going to hover
over his name and start the chat now I'm
Jordans computer he's going to get a
notification that asks him whether he
wants to video chat with me or not hey
Jordan how you doing hey there's another
one pretty good I'm just showing people
how to use video Connect on Xbox and
Windows Live Messenger we're actually
going to kick this over to you right now
so that you can show people how this
looks from the PC side of things all
right sounds good Mercer
great hey it's Jordan and I'm here in my
room on my PC let's have a look at the
video chat from this perspective so
Harrison just sent me an invitation a
video chat from his xbox which I can
accept by clicking except right here as
you'll see this launch is the same
window that you would experience if you
were chatting from a PC to PC hey
Harrison how's it going pretty good so
I'm showing everybody how you can resize
the window and even launch full-screen
view on your PC while we're video
chatting and if I want I can even send
you an IM so here saying we're going to
bring it back to you in the living room
so you can show some of the viewers what
it looks like on the big screen so now
I'm back in the living room and you can
see this this is a really great
experience I can just sit down my couch
and have a great video chat with Jordan
and the really cool thing about the
Kinect cameras are that I can actually
stand up and they'll follow me around
the room so I can just start walking
around and then Kinect cameras will
follow me wherever I go and if I decide
that I want to pull somebody else into
the video chat with me and
jump into the frame it'll automatically
refrain and it recognizes that that
person is there and we can just continue
to have a really nice video chat so you
can see how fun and easy it is to have a
great video chat with Jordan on his
computer and us just sitting here in our
living room with Xbox video Kinect and
Windows Live Messenger